Blizzard's first tcg Beta test up to the pc version some time ago
I have been working on a full version.
The full version is officially in service .
I'm glad to be out of my mind.
I feel very strong, so now I am tired of tcg
If you are a user ,
Because there can be no computer is lost in outdoor outside 2r true
I think it's a good thing.
Of course, not a Wi-Fi model, but now a cello model is now out lte me
You can play on the iPad if you have 3g .
When I first started, now I 'm going to cast a shit.
Gotta overall ui so there ttokgatahyo itgoyo gotta Arena at War
Left-resolution operation, the ground stores quest
That's where this is going now is to go where the pack content pack Pack Station inde deck
This is the current number of preferences you have and the bottom left is your current friend
List
So slip all the way from left to look at shops in shops now the card from reality
You can pull it.
If you choose this and click on the payment, the payment will be made .
I'm going here .
This is a pack for you.
It's open.
Then the collection together but to do so with the current self-Quest tester
Jamey, now you give the stations , you can check the history.
My card list is what I want with the cards I've collected so far.
It 's a menu that you can replace, add, and supplement .
Go to the next page
This itgoyo if the two racks to go beyond the previous page, then truly convenient point
If it is desired that the more cash you wanna do this again shortly followed except simyeon
I do not want to leave.
What doegoyo proceed in this way
Now, here we can see the number of consumptions by number
I do not know if the search bar was originally there. It looks like it has a search bar.
This can be seen by a set
For unneeded cards, the ability to extract is the same
4 That 's how it can be made.
There's a make button at the top on top of it.
Next, when you see the Settings button,
Click here four images side is employed statue on sound adjustment here
I have a video of the presidency, and it will be seen by those who have time .
We support Korea in Korean .
I do not know why Japan 5 is not there.
The two captains had to buy tickets to the Arena.
So this arena either 1.99 itguyo price
Once in Daejeon,
There are two types of general pre-grades like this :
If you need it, it's the same. The music is the same.
Appropriate opponent
jr Oh your opponent
Yeah. It's the same wizard deck .
For example, to the lower left corner doegoyo two hours it will be greatly Mr seconds flat
Yeah . When the game starts, it's the same as the two-hour timer .
Hold the card down and you'll get the information.
There's information on the card and anyone who's been summoned can come back .
If there's one thing that's not good enough, just touch it and it will not come out.
I had to keep it, but I hated it.
This is to enter and attack and use and so that the panel
Pressing the icon the character came out the macro you while chatting over
For example, so that it points to the Hangul to chat, but died a direct chat
What
I want to do something like this
It will be in.
Oh, I like this place also giroksil doeguyo not Touch also records Forces College
It brings out the supposed increasing all the time
I'm a little uncomfortable with the therapy.